Improve React,  Vuejs and Angular integration pages (#3948)
tinymce/tinymce-docs: modules/ROOT/pages/introduction-to-bundling-tinymce.adoc

:description: Introduction to bundling TinyMCE with Webpack, Rollup.js, or Browserify.
:keywords: webpack, browserify, es6, rollup, commonjs, modules, tinymce, es2015

> The following guides and reference pages assists you bundle {productname} into your project using a module bundler, such as Webpack, Rollup.js, and Browserify.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The following guides and reference pages assist with bundling {productname} into your project using a module bundler, such as Webpack, Rollup.js, and Browserify.
```
tripped over "assists your bundle" when reading, so.
